Combine Search Audit Index articles (#2997)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/security/search-audit-index.md

---
id: search-audit-index
title: Search Audit Index
description: The Search Audit Index provides event logs on search usage and activities for your account. 
---

> The Search Audit Index provides event logs on search usage and activities for your account. The index allows you to monitor and audit the search queries being run within your account, the types of queries, the users running them, and more. The [Enterprise Search Audit App](/docs/integrations/sumo-apps/enterprise-search-audit) provides pre-built dashboards and reports of the data from the Search Audit Index to help you analyze your current search use and identify areas for improvement. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Search Audit Index provides event logs on search usage and activities for your account. The index allows you to monitor and audit the search queries being run within your account, the types of queries, the users running them, and more. 

To visualize your Search Audit Index data, download the [Enterprise Search Audit App](/docs/integrations/sumo-apps/enterprise-search-audit), which provides pre-built dashboards and reports to help you analyze your current search use and identify areas for improvement.
```
